Hide `<AutoCompleteInput>` "Create" option for empty input (#10266)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/AutocompleteInput.md

## `createLabel`

When you set the `create` or `onCreate` prop, `<AutocompleteInput>` lets users create new options.

> To renders a "Create" menu item at the bottom of the list, you can use the `createLabel` prop.
> This new item will only render when the input is empty to suggest user to write a new storable option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `createLabel` prop to render an additional menu item at the bottom of the list, that will only appear when the input is empty, inviting users to start typing to create a new option.
```
